Play with my brother for a night?
Don't do anything bad if you don't look for your stuff
I'm going to kill you
Goodbye aunt
Are you still going?
What do I look like?
It's not a reason for you to harass me
Mr. Guo, why are you here?
Let me get some air.
It's you who are not in your room so late
What are you doing here?
I came out to bring some gifts for Zhiwei and the others
Too bad it's all crushed
If it is crushed, throw it away.
Don't follow me with this junk
Mr. Gu's plan this time
It's not worth a trip in person at all
What is the purpose of your business trip?
Pretty smart, huh?
They all follow Mr. Gu
The planned case is just a cover
Pretend I'm here this time
It is to resolve the dispute over my second uncle's youth assets
Go on a business trip with you and let Xiao Xu stay in the company
It's to numb the second uncle's eyeliner
Oh, I see.
The launch failed.
After a day
Wake up one day
You are the father of my child
You mustn't have an accident for one day